listen a lot of people take rating
movies way too seriously like not
everything needs to be a 10 out of 10 to
be enjoyed you know sometimes a movie
can be completely goofy it can be a
complete another four at a time and
still thoroughly entertain you like
everybody said all that with the venom
video that I did and you know even
though I said I liked the movie for it
being a goofy time some people must have
just got enough of their saddles because
they were way too butter with that video
so I can only imagine how the DC fans
are gonna take these jokes let me
explain so I want to start off with all
the positives cuz I like James Wan I
think he's a master of horror I think
he's made some of the best in the past
decade and I'm happy for him for now
being able to do blockbusters even if
I'm not the biggest fans of them but
I've always liked the way that he works
the way that he sticks with his crew cuz
this is a dude with his camp ool fine
talent they'll recruit them and as he
goes up they go up with him Jason Momoa
was another dude who seems chill enough
to have a beer with while he drinks the
whole keg and like to me the best part
about the movie venom was how into it
Tom Hardy got and here Jason Momoa acts
like he's Moana like he's one with the
sea and it's all those water effects too
that I think do deserve credit right
like it's not necessarily my favorite
looking movie of 2018 but I heard some
people complaining about how there were
no practical effects and it was all CGI
and I'm like ma'am did you expect them
to breathe underwater or something like
this ain't that 13th year the actor's
name just gonna grow gills and get to
set that said this should have been a
video game I'm always talking about how
certain stories work best in certain
mediums and I'm telling you I'm already
a sucker for those underwater levels in
Super Mario Bros so an entire game
underwater Bioshock style mixed in with
the side of this movie that feels like
Uncharted with the aspect of superpowers
sprinkled into the mix that'd be
fantastic in terms of the movie however
I personally say its its top five in the
DCE you
we start off somewhere in the ocean
which then becomes somewhere in
Atlanta's North Sea Indian Ocean it's
like the location Scout was just
guessing we started seeing these
modern-day pirates trying to become the
captain of the ship when Aquaman comes
in at 30 frames slow-mo and saves a day
I don't know why some shots were done
John Woo style concerning we're in 2018
and our iPhones can shoot at 120 but
what I was really surprised with was how
I started the movie rooting for manta
like I know
we're supposed to be rooting for Aquaman
but the new thing with DC heroes is that
they like leaving people out to die so
when Arthur leaves man's his father out
to die I knew this man was gonna come
after him kill monger style we got to
Arthur hanging out at a fish spot by the
sea which to me is kind of weird and
awkward because to him fish friends know
that the best part about this movie in
my opinion is his upbringing how his mom
was Atlantean and his father was a
fisherman who both got jiggy with it
causing turmoil down under and leaving
Arthur to live on land never seen his
mama Willem Dafoe then becomes willem de
friend as he periodically trains Arthur
to use his superpowers as he grows up
and I ever heard shows up looking like
wet poison ivy because she wants Arthur
to stop all the Chicago politics going
on in Atlantis but can we just can we
take the time to acknowledge the costume
design I personally feel we don't give
enough credit to all the hard work that
goes into this craft the prestige the
symbolism how it goes with the story so
Big Ups this department because nobody
else wants to give you credit I see you
there that answer Atlantis which I think
look pretty cool it's it's kind of like
an underwater Wakanda that was
originally above-ground they had these
crazy resources that allowed them to be
so advanced but then they got so greedy
that it caused the whole city to
collapse
underwater somehow everyone just learned
how to breathe down there and started
talking like you're speaking to a fan
always playing they will destroy
themselves and I love how Atlanta has
their own Holland Tunnel and border
patrol it's like who's gonna if it is
Free Willy gonna go through the top is
crush gonna come in through the East
Australian current like Atlantis was so
uptight with everything that they had
their mentors on the top making sure no
one came in with a me Patrick Wilson's
character who's truly insidious he's
Arthur's half-brother who dresses up
like gold ore and wants to take over the
throne before Arthur comes in and tries
to stop they have this whole Ragnarok
Coliseum fight spongebob plays a half
time and then Meera comes in and helps
them escape as they pull a dory with
this whale named Pinocchio well the
whole movie up to this point right has
been this action-packed corny quipped
film I kid you not this next scene
actually happens in the movie for
whatever reason they decide to play a
remix of Toto's Africa which at this
point has surpassed mean
but it's actually played by pitbull and
it blasts over them walking out of the
water in slow-mo Baywatch style into the
Sahara Desert yes is the combo price
like I said it turns into uncharted
which I thought was pretty cool as they
go into these ruins to find clues that
will lead them to the tridents mirror
reenact the Gatorade commercial with a
sweat which she needs to unlock the
bottle and then Arthur legit delivers
one of the best lines in the movie her
sure just peed on it like we trash do
you see a lot for its corny jokes but
yeah I got to go and props this joke
here they go to Italy and start eating
flowers like their Dorothy the dinosaur
Manta then appears again if you forgot
that he was in this movie and they have
this pretty cool one take mirror becomes
a waterbender and chaos them with wine
something something that a lady in my
theater resonated a little too much with
and halfway through the movie they just
end up defeating black man so like
nothing it's almost like he wasn't even
the main villain of the movie I also
didn't feel it was the brother so I
guess the main villain continues to be
DC themselves they figured out where to
go next to get the Trident and I kid you
not this movie turns into How to Train
Your Dragon 2
it turns out that his mother never died
but ended up in DC's Pandora and has
been chillin there ever since
like I said Arthur's backstory is the
best part of this movie that whole
mother father relationship of it not
mattering where you come from but what
you do that defines you how Arthur is
considered a half-breed yet he has the
full potential to make things right and
now even someone as manly as Momoa right
he can reach into his emotional bag and
show you how vulnerable he can be and we
also get this super dope shot that a DC
fans will be having what dreams of four
months Arthur goes to retrieve his
Trident where he meets Mary Poppins
guarding it obviously we all know the
story with Arthur's and their weapons oh
he just Yanks that thing out easily
heads back home to claim the throne from
his brother
they had this major duel on the set of
Waterworld that was a mix of looking
actually pretty cool and then also super
goofy because like you can't take you
can't take someone seriously when
they're trying to pull up on you
underwater but they got a wobbler way
over to you nah Arthur then remembers
his mr. miyagi flashbacks to hit him
with a wax off horn gets defeated and
yells he gets locked up man to get some
upgrades in the after credits scene and
Arthur gains his rightful place as the
king of Atlantis now I can't wait till
they introduce
[Music]
thank you guys checking out this video
I'm curious to know your thoughts down
below in the comments section there are
some articles out there that are giving
this movie positive review and I'm all
for it does your favorite movie of the
year go celebrate it forget what anybody
else says but the Atlantic I don't trust
you you were the most biased site for
this if possible I'm here some your
thoughts down below like I said I
personally think that this would be
better as a video game I'd even take a
Six Flags ride you know the Warner Bros
already has the deal with Six Flags so I
don't have I don't know why they don't
have all ride for Arthur considering
that there are some water rides we got
like four Batman rides at each Six Flags
but there's nothing to do with Aquaman
they should definitely put something in
there because I would be pretty cool
like I said this is still top 5 DC you
for me
it's decent it's fine I didn't hate it a
good time with it I guess
I I'm hoping that they do better stuff
with their sequels I don't know a Man of
Steel's ever gonna get to sequel I don't
know if Batman it's gonna face Superman
again I don't think Justice League is
getting another sequel it's so
intriguing to see what's happening with
the DC movie universe because things are
all over the place but I'm curious to
know your guys thoughts down below let
me know if you like this movie if you
didn't I don't know if you guys have
checked out this trailer right here but
I want to give this dude a big shout out
because he put a lot of work into this
trailer
[Music]
I've been looking for you your
half-brother Chronicle boy is about to
declare war upon the surface world I
want to call by the cold man I'm not
even making any money off of it but this
is one of the funniest trailers out
there I want to say that it's because of
spongebob that a lot of people started
not really taking an alkyl man seriously
and seeing him as mermaidman and
barnacleboy but go check out this
trailer it's hilarious I have it linked
there let me know your thoughts about
this movie what your favorite DC movie
is don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll release the Snyder
cut